I'm going to show you something. I think
this doesn't really work. I I can't
explain exactly why, but when LLMs are
tasked with just giving ideas around
marketing stuff, whether it's landing
pages or analyzing content or suggesting
content ideas or doing media outreach, I
can't explain it, but the results are
just bland and boring. They are not very
useful. I sometimes it helps me with the
blank page problem, but oftentimes I I
end up just thinking I should brainstorm
this myself. This is no good. So I want
to show you a new feature from Spark
Toro that takes audience data, right? We
we said, hey, I'm trying to target
hospital administrators here to chat
GPT. Well, here's a bunch of data about
what real hospital administrators read,
watch, listen to, visit, uh, think
about, talk about, what topics they're
interested in. And then we're going to
feed that to something called take
action, which launches today. You can
try this out a free account. You can you
can run three of these. We have a whole
bunch of prompts that are all around
these different marketing actions, but
in this case, I have run suggest
provocative content ideas. And what I've
done when I do this is you fill out a
little form for each of these prompts,
right? We ask you these questions like,
"Hey, what's your primary objective for
this content? What's the subject and
which platform you're trying to promote
it on?" You fill these out and then
Spark Toro will give you just truly
badass answers. I'll I'll show you. Look
at look at the responses that this gives
versus what chat GPT just gave me in
here. And I think you'll see the
difference.
These are provocative,
even spicy takes that I think would be
likely, truly likely to get real
engagement on the platform I mentioned,
which I told it LinkedIn because Spark
Toro had shown me that uh that
healthcare administrators are 12.7% more
likely to be on LinkedIn than the
average uh American social media user.
It's the fourth most used network
overall.
Boy. Hm. You know, this this stuff about
who truly benefits from pediatric
vaccine policy. I've thought about this
a bunch. I'm sure other Americans have
too. I bet this would get higher
engagement. I believe this feature, this
combination of being able to, you know,
whatever it is, cra craft brand
positioning for US fans of Japanese
streetear, fashion, and getting useful
information from an LLM plus real
audience data is where you find magic
that you just can't get from chat GPT
alone. So, give it a try. You've got
three free queries on your account and
no matter what level you're at, if
you're a paid Spark Toro user, you've
got more.